design/stories/web/01-firstlook.md, before:

# User Story: New User

## Story Overview
As a casual computer user, I'd like to start doing real accounting on my computer and phone.

Context: The user has discovered Sereus Bonum which has both a web and mobile interface.  He installed the web app and is launching it for the first time.

## Sequence
1. Sam opens his browser to the appropriate url and port.  He sees several panes.
One pane contains a welcome message including some advice for basic usage and an option to not show it again, which he checks.  He also sees a familiar icon to shrink that pane, which he does.
2. Another pane contains a list of Entities.  This is pre-populated with 2 entities:
  - Home Finance Template
  - Small Business Template
3. There is also an icon associated with the list which is clearly for adding new entities.
4. He sees that each entity name is a hyperlink.  But he can also select the entity without clicking on the hyperlink.  When he does, he sees another menu appear which includes options for:
  - Edit: add/update basic information about the entity
  - Accounts: view accounts for the entity
  - Import: load transactions from a file
  - Boilerplate: use the account structure from this entity to create a new one
  - Delete entity: remove the selected entity permanently
5. He also sees a global menu which includes options for:
  - Home: list of entities and visual balance sheet (or welcome message)
  - Account Catalog: review/edit account groups
  - Import books: create a new entity using books from another program
  - Settings: Adjust various operating preferences

Alternative Path A: New Blank Business
6.1. Sam clicks the option to create a new entity
6.2. He is now in an editing pane where he can input the name and various other details.  It includes things like a tax id number, a method of accounting and a preferred unit of account (currency.)
6.3. He finishes the dialog and now sees his newly created entity in the list.
6.4. He selects it and tries the delete option from the contextual menu.
6.5. He gets a warning but having cleared that, the entity is deleted.

Alternative Path B: New Business from template
6.1. Sam selects the Home Finance Template entity.  From the context menu, he selects the boilerplate option
6.2. He is now in an editing pane where he can input the name and various other details.  It includes things like a tax id number, a method of accounting and a preferred unit of account (currency.)
6.3. He finishes the dialog and now sees his newly created entity in the list.
6.4. He clicks on the name of the new entity.
6.5. He now sees a listing of account groups and accounts that looks much like a balance sheet but all the values are zero.

Alternative Path C: Exploring Catalog
6.1. Sam clicks the option to view the Account Catalog.  He sees a structure that looks kind of like a trial balance but without any accounts.
6.2. He can see sections for the 5 basic account types.  Under them are various familiar groupings or categories for accounts.  Examples include Accounts Receivable, Jobs in Process, Member Capital and so forth.
6.3. The groups are hierarchically arranged
6.4. When he selects any group, a context menu appears including:
  - Edit
  - Add child
  - Delete
6.5. He sees that he can rearrange the order of child groups within a parent
6.6. He adds a new child under Assets called "Special Inventory" and moves it to be the last asset

Alternative Path D: Exploring Settings
6.1. Sam selects settings.  He sees options including:
  - Sereus: managing cadre and partner nodes
  - Selecting his preferred language

## Acceptance Criteria
- [ ] <specific, testable criterion>
- [ ] <another criterion>
- [ ] <performance requirement>
- [ ] <error handling requirement>
- [ ] <usability requirement>

Commit message:

Get accounts and VBS working

design/stories/web/01-firstlook.md, after:

# User Story: New User

## Story Overview
As a casual computer user, I'd like to start doing real accounting on my computer and phone.

Context: The user has discovered Sereus Bonum which has both a web and mobile interface.  He installed the web app and is launching it for the first time.

## Sequence
1. Sam opens his browser to the appropriate url and port.  He sees several panes.
One pane contains a welcome message including some advice for basic usage and an option to not show it again, which he checks.  He also sees a familiar icon to shrink that pane, which he does.
2. Another pane contains a list of Entities.  This is pre-populated with 2 entities:
  - Home Finance Template
  - Small Business Template
3. There is also an icon associated with the list which is clearly for adding new entities.
4. He sees that each entity name is a hyperlink (clicking it navigates to the Accounts View).  He can also click elsewhere on the row to highlight/select the entity.  When he does, the Visual Balance Sheet updates to display that entity's financial position.  Right-clicking the entity shows a context menu with options:
  - Edit: add/update basic information about the entity
  - Accounts: view accounts for the entity
  - Import: load transactions from a file
  - Boilerplate: use the account structure from this entity to create a new one
  - Delete entity: remove the selected entity permanently
5. He also sees a global menu which includes options for:
  - Home: list of entities and visual balance sheet (or welcome message)
  - Account Catalog: review/edit account groups
  - Import books: create a new entity using books from another program
  - Settings: Adjust various operating preferences

Alternative Path A: New Blank Business
6.1. Sam clicks the option to create a new entity
6.2. He is now in an editing pane where he can input the name and various other details.  It includes things like a tax id number, a method of accounting and a preferred unit of account (currency.)
6.3. He finishes the dialog and now sees his newly created entity in the list.
6.4. He selects it and tries the delete option from the contextual menu.
6.5. He gets a warning but having cleared that, the entity is deleted.

Alternative Path B: New Business from template
6.1. Sam selects the Home Finance Template entity.  From the context menu, he selects the boilerplate option
6.2. He is now in an editing pane where he can input the name and various other details.  It includes things like a tax id number, a method of accounting and a preferred unit of account (currency.)
6.3. He finishes the dialog and now sees his newly created entity in the list.
6.4. He clicks on the name of the new entity.
6.5. He now sees a listing of account groups and accounts that looks much like a balance sheet but all the values are zero.

Alternative Path C: Exploring Catalog
6.1. Sam clicks the option to view the Account Catalog.  He sees a structure that looks kind of like a trial balance but without any accounts.
6.2. He can see sections for the 5 basic account types.  Under them are various familiar groupings or categories for accounts.  Examples include Accounts Receivable, Jobs in Process, Member Capital and so forth.
6.3. The groups are hierarchically arranged
6.4. When he selects any group, a context menu appears including:
  - Edit
  - Add child
  - Delete
6.5. He sees that he can rearrange the order of child groups within a parent
6.6. He adds a new child under Assets called "Special Inventory" and moves it to be the last asset

Alternative Path D: Exploring Settings
6.1. Sam selects settings.  He sees options including:
  - Sereus: managing cadre and partner nodes
  - Selecting his preferred language

## Acceptance Criteria
- [ ] <specific, testable criterion>
- [ ] <another criterion>
- [ ] <performance requirement>
- [ ] <error handling requirement>
- [ ] <usability requirement>
